Shorten, abridge
Self-enforced restraint
high praise
misfortune
pertaining to beauty
agreeable
out-of-date
short account of even
nameless
opponent
extremely dry
hard-working
sanctuary
friendly, helpful
trust among friends
to criticize harshly
indirect, roundabout
able to see the future
to work together
sympathy, mercy
to settle differences
patronizing
provisional, contingent
follower of customs
crowd of people
joining of parts
harmful
rabble-rousing leader
straying from main point
hard-working
dishonor, disgrace
to regard with scorn
variant, moving apart
sharing of feelings
follow an example
tiring, weakening
improve, augment
momentary, fleeting
short-lived, as an image
irritation, frustration
outstanding
guilt diminishing
flushed, ornate
lucky
thrifty
overused, cliched
arrogant, condescending
pleasure seeker
theory requiring proof
rash, impulsive
to attribute to someone
unable to work together
trivial
unavoidable, certain
honesty, decency
fearless, adventurous
instinctive, untaught
joy, exultation
persuader of legislators
long life
ordinary, common
calm, casual
beginner
wealthy
speaker
displaying wealth
dried up
disloyal
talented beyond one's age
pompous, self-important
to delay unnecessarily
run-of-the-mill
wealth, success
inflammatory
wise, careful, cautious
irritable
hateful
withdrawn, hermit-like
agreement after a quarrel
state of being renewed
quick to recover
controlled, restricted
profound respect
wisdom
to observe carefully
impulsive action
phony, false
meek
to verify, confirm
elusive, sly, ambiguous
lacking in depth
more than enough
to end an activity
secret, stealthy
diplomatic, polite
persistent, resolute
temporary, fleeting
respectable due to age
to clear from blame
watchful, alert



